README.md, before:

# React.js Test Task: Library

Write a library of books and magazines using React.

## Topic

You have to implement an abstracted and simple library system.

## Frame conditions

1. This is a real world situation. You are allowed to consult the Internet, use every library you want, call a friend ...

   **BUT:** You are not allowed to do [pair programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pair_programming).

2. Develop your code based on React.js version 16, Redux version 4 and NEXT.js version 9.

   You do not need to use Semantic-UI, the layout, tests or routing provided.
   You can rename, refactor, remove or delete them as you wish.
   They were created to provide a minimum structure so you can focus on what you think it is important to finish the tasks requested.

3. Keep the following priorities in mind while you implementing - in the mentioned order:
   1. Code quality
   2. Usage of object oriented methods
   3. Functionality

4. Given resources:

   > **Hint:** There is a reason why there are so many books and authors in german with [umlauts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germanic_umlaut).

   * [`authors.csv`](data/authors.csv): Contains authors with its `email`, `firstName` and `lastName`.
   * [`books.csv`](data/books.csv): Contains books with its `title`, `description`, one or more `authors` and an `isbn`.
   * [`magazines.csv`](data/magazines.csv): Contains magazines with its `title`, one or more `authors`, a `publishedAt` and an `isbn`.

## Tasks

* [Main tasks](#main-tasks)
* [Optional tasks](#optional-tasks)

### Main tasks

1. Your software should read all data from the given CSV files in a meaningful structure.

2. Print out all books and magazines with all their details (with a meaningful output format).

   > **Hint**: Do not call `printBooks(...)` first and then `printMagazines(...)` ;-)

3. Find a book or magazine by its `isbn`.

4. Find all books and magazines by their `authors`’ email.

5. Print out all books and magazines with all their details sorted by `title`.
   This sort should be done for books and magazines together.

### Optional tasks

> **Hint:** Optional means optional.

1. Write Unit tests for one or more methods.

2. Implement a view for direct path access for each ISBN and link then to the search results.

3. Add a book and a magazine to the data structure of your software and export it to a new CSV files.

## Procedure

1. Clone the repo.

2. Open in your favorite IDE.

3. Prepare a solution.

4. Let Commercial People know when you are done with your solution.

## FAQ

##### How to install the application?

```bash
yarn install
```

##### How to run your application?

```bash
yarn start
```

##### How to run your tests?

```bash
yarn lint
yarn test
```

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Updating the README for lead level tests

README.md, after:

# React.js Test Task: Library

Write a library of books and magazines using React.

## Topic

You have to implement an abstracted and simple library system.

## Frame conditions

1. This is a real world situation. You are allowed to consult the Internet, use every library you want, call a friend ...

   **BUT:** You are not allowed to do [pair programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pair_programming).

2. Develop your code based on React.js version 16, Redux version 4 and NEXT.js version 9.

   You do not need to use Semantic-UI, the layout, tests or routing provided.
   You can rename, refactor, remove or delete them as you wish.
   They were created to provide a minimum structure so you can focus on what you think it is important to finish the tasks requested.

3. Keep the following priorities in mind while you implementing - in the mentioned order:
   1. Code quality
   2. Usage of object oriented methods
   3. Functionality

4. Given resources:

   > **Hint:** There is a reason why there are so many books and authors in german with [umlauts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germanic_umlaut).

   * [`authors.csv`](data/authors.csv): Contains authors with its `email`, `firstName` and `lastName`.
   * [`books.csv`](data/books.csv): Contains books with its `title`, `description`, one or more `authors` and an `isbn`.
   * [`magazines.csv`](data/magazines.csv): Contains magazines with its `title`, one or more `authors`, a `publishedAt` and an `isbn`.

## Tasks

* [Main tasks](#main-tasks)

### Main tasks

1. Your software should read all data from the given CSV files in a meaningful structure.

2. Print out all books and magazines with all their details (with a meaningful output format).

   > **Hint**: Do not call `printBooks(...)` first and then `printMagazines(...)` ;-)

3. Find a book or magazine by its `isbn`.

4. Find all books and magazines by their `authors`’ email.

5. Print out all books and magazines with all their details sorted by `title`.
   This sort should be done for books and magazines together.

6. Implement a view for direct path access for each ISBN and link then to the search results.

7. Add a book and a magazine to the data structure of your software and export it to a new CSV files.

8. Write Unit tests for one or more methods. As this is a test for a lead level position we are expecting good test coverage here as you will be advocate for this and understand the importance of high test coverage in your applications.


## Procedure

1. Clone the repo.

2. Open in your favorite IDE.

3. Prepare a solution.

4. Let Commercial People know when you are done with your solution.

## FAQ

##### How to install the application?

```bash
yarn install
```

##### How to run your application?

```bash
yarn start
```

##### How to run your tests?

```bash
yarn lint
yarn test
```

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## How Your Code Will Be Reviewed

Your code will be reviewed by other JavaScript Leads at Commercial/Residential People and may also be reviewed by other more junior JavaScript Engineers who you will lead if you are successful in your application for this role.

As such, you should aim to impress and do things to the best possible standards as you will be expected to lead by example if you join. You should strive for the best possible standards in the frontend domain as you will be mentoring and developing the skills and standards of more junior Engineers so it is vital that you are highly respected by your peers.
